Shri Mataji Nirmala Devi, 77 years old leader of an Indian teaching namely Sahaja Yoga
came to Turkey to share the enlighment and happiness within.
Shri Mataji used to lecture all over the world call never leaving
her even for a moment disciples as her children.
Shri Mataji has millions of disciples all over the world.
Disciples declaring that they found the love and happines in her energy
are not complainant for travelling with her from country to country.
While her name Shri Mataji connotes " Holy Mother " her room in Swiss Hotel
is flooded by the enthusiasts for enlightment sessions.
Shri Mataji declares that the hurdle is to raise the kundalini which is the light within.
Yogini on behalf of Shri Mataji: Now I am raising his Kundalini.
Shri Mataji while not debaring the Star TV correspondant from her light
stating that the fundamental message is love.
Shri Mataji: I wouldn’t call them students,
they are my children.
There is no relationship as such,
I just give them Love, that’s all, like a Mother.
Reporter: Love?
Shri Mataji: Love, compassion and love.
She thinks too much.
In the midst of Indian tunes the disciples who are relaxed with the hands and deep glance of Holy Mother
left there in peace and gratitude.